Add verify-spelling.sh for ja content (#38067)
kubernetes/website: scripts/README.md

| `lsync.sh` | This script checks if the English version of a page has changed since a localized page has been committed. |
| `replace-capture.sh` | This script sets K8S_WEBSITE in your env to your docs website root or rely on this script to determine it automatically |
| `check-ctrlcode.py` | This script finds control-code(0x00-0x1f) in text files. |

> | `ja/verify-spelling.sh` | This script finds Japanese words that are against the guideline. |

Reviewer: nit: It's not clear what the 'guideline' is referring to.

Author: The guideline is https://kubernetes.io/ja/docs/contribute/localization/

  {2} : The column number that a control-code exists.
  {3} : The found control-code.
  {4} : The one-line strings in the file.
```

## ja/verify-spelling.sh

> This script finds invalid Japanese words what are against the guideline[1]

Reviewer 2: maybe sometimes they're not "invalid" though

suggest:
```suggestion
This script finds Japanese words that are against the guideline[1]
```

Author: Thanks for your review @nasa9084 
That makes sense, I applied the suggestion on the latest pr.
